feature/TINY-6400: Image dialog incorrectly renders class/caption in grid (#6709)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Added

> - Updated the image dialog to show a grid with two columns only if `hasImageCaption` is true, `image` plugin #TINY-6400

Reviewer: Maybe something like

```suggestion
- Updated the image dialog to show a grid with two columns only if the `hasImageCaption` setting is set to `true` #TINY-6400
```

> - Updated the image dialog to show a grid with two columns only if `hasImageCaption` is true, `image` plugin #TINY-6400

Reviewer 2: I think this should maybe in the `Fixed` section instead of `Added`?
Possible alternative suggestion:
```suggestion
- Updated the image dialog to display the class list dropdown as full-width if the caption checkbox is not present #TINY-6400
```

Author: updated

> - Updated the image dialog to display the class list dropdown as full-width if the caption checkbox is not present #TINY-6400

Reviewer 3: This isn't an `Added`/New Feature, it's a `Changed` or `Improved` at best, so please make sure to move this to the appropriate heading.

- [ ] Move changelog entry to correct heading

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Updated the `image` dialog to display the class list dropdown as full-width if the caption checkbox is not present #TINY-6400
```
Also just another minor thing, as image is the plugin name it should be in back ticks.

Author: updated

## Unreleased

### Added

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer 4: - [ ] Some merge conflict stuff that needs to be removed here.
